Add migration guide [ECR-2763] (#627)
exonum/exonum-java-binding: exonum-java-binding/doc/Migration_guide_0.4.md

# Migrating Java service to v0.4

## Update the client apps
Update the clients to submit transactions in the new format, introduced in Exonum 0.10.
The most notable change in the format is that the public key of the transaction author 
is always included in the transaction message. This allows the framework to verify 
the message signature with no conversion to an executable transaction.

If the client application is in Java, 

> use [`com.exonum.binding.common.message.TransactionMessage`][tx-message-jd]

Author: Makes sense, thanks!

  If your transaction code needs a whole message of this or _any_ other transaction,
  use [`com.exonum.binding.blockchain.Blockchain.getTxMessages`][blockchain-get-tx-messages-jd].
  - `hash`. You can access the SHA-256 hash of this transaction message in `Transaction#execute`
  from the passed context: [`TransactionContext#getTransactionMessageHash`][tx-context-hash-jd]. 
  As a reminder, it uniquely identifies the message in the system.
  
That leaves `Transaction` interface with two methods: `execute` and `info`.
The argument of `execute` changed too — it now accepts a `TransactionContext` that allows
to access a `Fork` to modify the database state, as previously; and some information about 
the corresponding transaction message: its hash and the public key of the author.

[blockchain-get-tx-messages-jd]: https://exonum.com/doc/api/java-binding-core/0.4/com/exonum/binding/blockchain/Blockchain.html#getTxMessages()
[tx-context-hash-jd]: https://exonum.com/doc/api/java-binding-core/0.4/com/exonum/binding/transaction/TransactionContext.html#getTransactionMessageHash()

### Update your controller

> As the v0.4 framework accepts binary transactions itself, remove the endpoint that accepted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the v0.4 framework accepts binary transactions itself, remove the endpoints those accepted
```
